Correcting instructions to upload files and use samples (#33837)
Azure/azure-content: articles/active-directory-b2c/active-directory-b2c-ui-customization-custom.md

To create a public container in Blob storage, do the following:

> 1. Click the **Blobs** tab under the Blob service menu item group in menu.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Under **Blob service** in the left-hand menu, select **Blobs**.
```

2. Click **+Container**.

> 3. For **Name**, type **root**. (You can give it a name of your choice like *wingtiptoys*.)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. For **Name**, enter *root*. This can be a name of your choosing, for example *wingtiptoys*, but we use *root* in this example for simplicity.
```

> 4. Set **Access type** to **Blob**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. For **Public access level**, select **Blob**, then **OK**.
```

5. Click **root** to open the new container.
6. Click **Upload**.
7. Click the folder icon next to **Select a file**.

> 8. Go to **customize-ui.html**, which you created earlier in the Page UI customization section.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
8. Navigate to and select **customize-ui.html** which you created earlier in the Page UI customization section.
```

> 9. If you want to upload to a sub folder, expand **Advanced** options and type a folder name in "Upload to folder".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
9. If you want to upload to a subfolder, expand **Advanced** and enter a folder name in **Upload to folder**.
```

> 10. Click **Upload**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
10. Select **Upload**.
```

> 11. Select the customize-ui.html blob that you uploaded.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
11. Select the **customize-ui.html** blob that you uploaded.
```

> 12. Next to **URL**, click **Copy**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
12. To the right of the **URL** text box, select the **Copy to clipboard** icon to copy the URL to your clipboard.
```

> 13. In a browser, paste the copied URL, and go to the site. If the site is inaccessible, make sure the container access type is set to **blob**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
13. In web browser, navigate to the URL you copied to verify the blob you uploaded is accessible. If it is inaccessible, for example if you encounter a `ResourceNotFound` error, make sure the container access type is set to **blob**.
```

| *unified.html* | Use this file as a template for a unified sign-up or sign-in page. |
| *updateprofile.html* | Use this file as a template for a profile update page. |

Here are the steps on how to use the sample. 

> 1. Clone the repo on your local machine. Choose a template folder under sample_templates, you can use wingtip or contoso.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Clone the repo on your local machine. Choose a template folder under sample_templates. You can use `wingtip` or `contoso`.
```

> 2. Upload all the files under css, fonts and images folder to Blob storage as mentioned above. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Upload all the files under the `css`, `fonts`, and `images` folders to Blob storage as described in the previous sections. 
```

> 3. Now open each html file in the editor, search for instances of "http://localhost" and replace the corresponding references of css, image and fonts with those you uploaded in step 2.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Next, open each *.html file in the root of either `wingtip` or `contoso` (whichever you selected in the first step) and replace all instances of "http://localhost" with the URLs of the css, images, and fonts files you uploaded in step 2.
```

> 4. Save the html files and upload to the Blob storage.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Save the *.html files and upload them to Blob storage.
```

> 3. Next, open each *.html file in the root of either `wingtip` or `contoso` (whichever you selected in the first step) and replace all instances of "http://localhost" with the URLs of the css, images, and fonts files you uploaded in step 2.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Next, open each \*.html file in the root of either `wingtip` or `contoso` (whichever you selected in the first step) and replace all instances of "http://localhost" with the URLs of the css, images, and fonts files you uploaded in step 2.
```

> 4. Save the *.html files and upload them to Blob storage.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Save the \*.html files and upload them to Blob storage.
```

> 5. Now modify the extensions file as mentioned above in [Modify the extensions file](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/active-directory-b2c/active-directory-b2c-ui-customization-custom#modify-the-extensions-file).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. Now modify the extensions file as mentioned previously in [Modify the extensions file](#modify-the-extensions-file).
```

> 6. If you see missing fonts/images or css, please check your references in extensions policy and htmls itself. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
6. If you see missing fonts, images, or css, please check your references in the extensions policy and the *.html files.
```

> 6. If you see missing fonts, images, or css, please check your references in the extensions policy and the *.html files.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
6. If you see missing fonts, images, or css, please check your references in the extensions policy and the \*.html files.
```
